Update learning pages to be inclusive and explain current Learn Tech (#328)
madetech/handbook: learning/readme.md

# Learning

## Learn Tech

> Every Friday between 13:30 and 17:00 the team come together to focus on Core Skills.

Reviewer: The Core Skills mentioned here refers to the old sticker-based learn tech skills.
Could probably do with some re-wording to make it clear that the new tracks are the focus?

> Learn Tech consists of a number of tracks, where the whole company learn everything we need to know to make Made Tech an even more brilliant team. Tracks will run periodically throughout the year, between which more free form learn tech sessions or personal development will take place.

Reviewer 2: nit: spelling
```suggestion
Learn Tech consists of a number of tracks, where the whole company learn everything we need to know to make Made Tech an even more brilliant team. Tracks will run periodically throughout the year, between which more free-form learn tech sessions or personal development will take place.
```

* All permanent employees are expected to attend and be on time.

> * The time should be focussed on attaining, or be defining and/or improving Core Skills.

Reviewer: Again, this is relating more to the old form of learn-tech that was Core Skill focussed.

> ## Show & Tell

Reviewer 2: I _think_ we more commonly call these "Showcases" internally, even though "Show & Tell" is a common name across gov.

> Show & Tell is more freeform - between 16:30 and 17:00 there is an opportunity to present to the team.

Reviewer 2: nit: spelling
```suggestion
Show & Tell is more free-form - between 16:30 and 17:00 there is an opportunity to present to the team.
```
